As a user I would like my application to perform faster.    Selecting the Optimize Compilation flag should improve performance in the releases versions of the product.    We need to make this change early in the release cycle so we can determine if there are any issues.
As a host user I would like the ability to temporarily promote and demote site users (admins) to be a Super user.
As an administrator, I want to use an external folder provider for the root folders of my site, but I also want to include a subfolder of a different folder provider type, so I can have all of my user data stored on a mix of external storage.    h2.  Conversation  In Version 7.3, a new feature was added which allows for the external storage of a new site to be created using a folder provider for external storage.  This allows setup of new sites to be started with all 'user' data stored separately from the application files.  This allows for leverage of geo-redundant storage in cloud providers, use of CDNs and simpler and faster backups for the application files themselves.    However, due to the design of folder providers, once an external folder provider is used, no subfolders of another folder provider type can be used.  This prevents someone leveraging external folder providers for the site root further leveraging another folder provider in their site (ie, using a dropbox folder provider for a certain folder, or using a database or secure folder provider).    This change is to relax that restriction to allow folders created in the root of the site to have subfolders of a different folder provider type.    Example:  root : Azure Storage  - images : Azure Storage  - Users : Azure Storage  - Documents : Dropbox  - Videos : AWS Provider  - Secure Documents : Secure Folders    In this example, only subfolders of the same type as the parent folder would be allowed to be created.    h2.  Confirmation  * Change restriction on subfolders so that subfolders of different provider types are allowed to be created at the root level of the site  * 'child' subfolders of root-level subfolders can only be created of the same type as the parent.  * Both external and standard folder providers would be supported for creation of subfolders
As a Content Manager, Community Manager or Content Editor: I need the legacy persona bar removed and to use the newly designed persona bar.
As an anonymous site user, with accessibility requirements, I need to navigate a website without impediment.     This story will need to test the following anonymous-access components:  * Home Page  * Search Results Page  * Register and Login pages    Acceptance Criteria  The standard Cavalier homepage, with no content present, must fully pass WCAG standards.    ToDo: Gather list of skin objects to be tested.
As a Persona Bar user, with accessibility requirements, I need to successfully navigate the persona bar and perform actions, make selections and edit fields just as a person without these requirements would.    Acceptance Criteria  Navigate every menu available in the persona bar  * It will include Admin > Edit Profile page.  * This will +not+ include the HTML Editor Manager page.
As a Host or Admin user, I want the ability to select portions of my site or my whole site, and export that as a .zip package for use in any other DNN site--for the purpose of creating new sites or moving from staging to production site. As much as we can, on behalf of the exporting user, we want to include all dependencies they will need for the content they are exporting (extension packages, for example). This functionality will be exposed in a new menu item under the Persona Bar > Settings area. Host users will also be able to get to this area via the Sites area within the persona bar (to export a specific site).     As a user selects options and then progress through the export process, they need to be presented with visual feedback letting them know what is occurring as they progress; including display of any warnings and errors identified as part of the export process.     *PERMISSION*  Admin and Host user have access to this functionality. The Admin user will have the ability to export the contents of only their site; whereas the Host user will be able to export any site.    *WHAT ARE WE EXPORTING*  Existing:  * Content - HTML, Content Types, Content Items and Visualizers  * Files  * Roles  * Profile Properties  * Pages (pick list with option to select/de-select all with a single click)    New:  * Users (each user's membership information: username, password, email, )  * * User profile property values (if users are selected AND profile properties)  * Extension packages (No UI)  ** Modules/Providers/Themes/Language Packs  ** Folder permissions  * HTML Provider Configuration (No UI)  * Vocabularies  * URL's and redirects (No UI)  ** Any AUM settings (site level), any page level redirects  * Evoq page templates (No UI)  * Evoq Connector Data (most of this is probably under portal settings)  * All Portal Settings data (any property from the table should automatically)  ** Anything related to portal alias data will not be included  * All Page Settings not currently included, per page  ** This should include any page header, scripts, etc. seen via the page settings UI    *ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA*  Upon Export, a .zip package should be created that installs into any other like-versioned DNN site (also log the export in the admin logs under a new log type for export). Import will be handled in a separate story.     FEEDBACK FROM SPRINT REVIEW:  * Remove field names (Template Name becomes Name)  * No difference between Platform and Evoq modules - take out the home page thumbnail  * Needs to be a warning in the UI when exporting *encrypted passwords* because they likely won't come with.  *Future Enhancement: restrict export job to one server.
