As a consumer of the fabric config API I would like to call a function to add a new consortium to the consortiums group. Consider any implications that may arise should the user not add any orgs to the new consortium (if that even matters) as well as for any examples (we should add orgs to the consortium after adding a new consortium in any examples).         *Acceptance*    I can call a function to add a new consortium group. Examples are also updated demonstrating addition of a new consortium + orgs for that consortium.
As a consumer of the fabric config api I would like to have the flexibility of not having to require having signing identities at time of generating the config update so that I can take the config update transaction and sign it via the peer channel commands instead.         *Acceptance*    I can call a function that returns a cb.ConfigUpdateEnvelope without requiring any signing identities.
As a consumer of the fabric-config API attempting to migrate a fabric 1.0 channel, I would like to use the configtx library to remove the top level orderer addresses in my 1.0 channel config in favor of later adding them to the orderer org instead. We should not allow people to update the OrdererAddresses field and instead only support a function for removing it. New genesis blocks should also be created without the top level field but instead require the orderer orgs to specify orderer endpoints (tl;dr required at org level when creating, optional when updating)         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function `RemoveLegacyOrdererAddresses` from the top level of a new ConfigTx's channel group to remove the legacy config value.
As a consumer of the fabric config API I would like to call a function during my migration from Kafka to EtcdRaft to remove the KafkaBrokers section from my config.    The KafkaBrokers section should normally not be used if the consenter type is etcdraft but this function enables us to support cleaning up migrated configs.    *Acceptance*    I can call a function to entirely remove KafkaBrokers similar to the API function for removing top level orderer addresses. As example is also added/improved for demonstrating how to migrate from Kafka to EtcdRaft.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to call a function for quickly adding or removing consenters from the consenter set of an etcdraft orderer configuration. Currently this is already achievable via fetching the entire orderer configuration and setting a new orderer configuration with the consenters updated, but the addition of these API functions will reduce the need for overriding the entire orderer configuration. Note: removal should match all 4 fields (host port and both certs) to be safe.    *Acceptance*    I can call functions to add and remove consenters from an etcdraft orderer configuration similar to how I can do so for orderer endpoints of an orderer org and anchor peers of application orgs.
As a matter of fact, we should also put some sanity check: we can only be asked to invoke LCCC or any normal chaincode, nothing else..
as a developer, I can find the hyperledger fabric documentation easily so that I can develop chaincode and applications.    Ideally, the documentation for all hyperledger projects can be easily found at hyperledger.org.
As a developer, I need a Node SDK, so I develop application with NodeJS to interact with blockchain.
As a developer, I need a Java SDK, so I develop application with NodeJS to interact with blockchain.
As a developer, I need a Python SDK, so I develop application with NodeJS to interact with blockchain.
