As a developer I need the ability to access a state cache so that we can help submitters quickly build the rw-set. This will also lead to better performance.
As a developer, I want to be able to setup the test such that the peer core.yaml and orderer.yaml configuration files are generated based on the values set in the World config.
As an owner of a peer on the BC network, I need the ability to upgrade the peer if there is a change in the protocol without loss of data.     With lifecycle chaincode, I can upgrade the chaincode. I also have the ability to apply patches/fixes if it does not apply to the protocol change itself via the SCC. Eventually I will have to accommodate this sort of change, in case there is a security vulnerability or something else that requires a major alteration.
As a hyperledger fabric project representative, I would like to explain and show with visual aids and scripts to collaborators and potential customers the present architecture and behavior of fabric v1.0 (as of the end of Nov, approx sprint 6).
as a potential Fabric application developer, I want to have up-to-date documentation while v1.0 is under development. Specifically, I want to be directed to v0.6 if I am looking for stable operational platform, and I want to have documentation about how to use the v1.0 Fabric as it is being developed.
As a companion task to FAB-13523, the new lifecycle should implement the interface which returns the validation parameters for a chaincode.    Note, as a special edge case, this validation interface should also return the validation info for '+lifecycle' itself, beginning with an automatically generated signature policy requiring the majority of orgs to endorse.    Later, we should support evaluating channel config policies as endorsement policies, and this validation info can be changed.
As a developer of contracts, I need to be able to get access to the the 'transactional context' that the current method is operating in.    This will give access to the stub and other APIs.           Node.js passes this is as the first parameter to any function. Consideration that within Java to help with thread-safety perhaps the instance of the object should be created per transaction.    Saftey vs Performance
As a fabric consumer, I expect the protos packages to include externally consumable artifacts yet the protos packages contain a collection of generated code, utilities, and extensions to proto objects.    Let's begin to clean this up by moving protos/utils to protoutils
As a fabric consumer, I expect the protos packages to include externally consumable artifacts yet the protos packages contain a collection of generated code, utilities, and extensions to proto objects.    Let's begin to clean this up by moving protos/utils to protoutils
As a user of Fabric 1.4, LTS, I'd like to benefit from the Kafka health checks introduced into the master branch.
