As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing orderer, application, and channel capabilities from a config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving orderer, application, and channel capabilities that returns a config.Capabilties.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to add and remove application, orderer, and channel capabilities. Consider whether we should allow setting unsupported capabilities outside of the existing ones or if we should just have toggles (ie EnableV20ApplicationCapabilities() and Disable...)         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call these functions to modify a config transaction and then process further configuration updates on the modified config transaction. The examples test should be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing application configuration without manually parsing the config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving application configuration that returns a config.Application.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to update an application groups's ACLS by adding or removing ACLs.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call this function to modify a config transaction and then process further configuration updates on the modified config transaction. The examples test should be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to see smaller and more varied example usages for updating the config instead of one giant end to end flow that updates every field.         *Acceptance*    For now let's split out separate update examples dealing specifically with   * updating orderer configuration (including orderer policies)   * updating application specific values (including application policies)   * organization management (adding/removing orgs and anchor peers/orderer endpoints to application orgs and orderer orgs respectively)   * msp modifications   * capabilities (application, orderer, and channel)
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve the entire channel configuration without manually parsing the config transaction. Now that we have the supporting functions in place for retrieving all dependent fields, we should be able to support retrieval of the entire channel configuration.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving channel configuration that returns a config.Channel.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to be able to update the channel creation policy value in a consortium.    We don't support configuring it at channel creation time because it governs the validation of the channel creation request so allowing the channel create tx to set the value would defeat the point; however, we want to be able to allow consumers to update this value on config updates. Note that this is not a ConfigPolicy but rather a ConfigValue in a specific consortium group.         *Acceptance*    I can call the function to update the default channel creation policy value in an existing config. An example should be added to the example_test as well.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to be able to retrieve and update my channel's policies.     We initially supported adding/removing/retrieving policies for all other groups except for the channel group, lets add this in now before we support retrieving the entire channel config.         *Acceptance*    I can call a function to add a policy to the channel group and another to remove a policy from the channel group. I should also be able to retrieve the existing policies in the channel group. The examples should be updated to demonstrate usage of these features.
As a consumer of the fabric config API I'd like to be able to remove consortium, application, and orderer orgs from a config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I can call separate functions for removing an organization from a consortium, application, and orderer. The examples should be updated as well to demonstrate usage.
As a consumer of the fabric config API I'd like to be able to remove a consortium from a config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I can call a function for removing a specific consortium from a channel config. The examples should be updated as well to demonstrate usage.
