As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to be able to create genesis blocks for system channels. As a reminder, system channel genesis block does not create an application group and instead only fills the channel config group with an orderer and consortiums group. Whether we choose to combine this function with application channel creation like what was done in the original configtx encoder, or we choose to split them into separate API functions is up to the implementer.         *Acceptance*    I can call a function to create a system channel genesis block. There should be a new example added that demonstrates this behavior.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to see an Overview section in the GoDocs that explains the purpose and usage of the configtx package. Maybe also mention how channels are structured.         *Acceptance*    I can open the GoDocs and find an Overview section for the configtx package that clearly explains what the library is for.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to use a signing identity to create config update signatures. Currently when opening the GoDoc the first function we see is CreateSignedConfigUpdateEnvelope, which is quite a wordy first impression. Let's consider renaming this to just SignConfigUpdateEnvelope (not to be confused with the existing SignConfigUpdate) and extend the SigningIdentity to potentially encapsulate both SignConfigUpdate and SignConfigUpdateEnvelope. The GoDoc documentation should explain the usage and differences between the two.          *Acceptance*    SigningIdentity should be extended with SignConfigUpdate at the minimum. Consider also extending with  the renamed SignConfigUpdateEnvelope if deemed necessary.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to call Set functions for setting values on the updated config. Currently the Add functions check that the existing config does not already have the value being added. Let's convert this behavior to just override whatever config value the consumer is intending to set. Let's also rename the UpdateXXX functions to use the Set prefix for consistency purposes.         *Acceptance*    All AddXXX and UpdateXXX functions in the configtx package have been updated to SetXXX and support replacing the value being added. These functions should not error if the value being set already exists and should instead replace them. Use careful discretion when applying this behavior to slices (ie. SetAnchorPeer) as the struct is not a map. The goal is a duplicate is not added in these cases where an existing AnchorPeer may already exist in the slice. The examples should be updated where applicable to use the new SetXXX functions. The GoDoc should also be updated to properly reflect existing values will be overwritten where applicable.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I'd like to call more appropriate functions on a ConfigTx type that return the base and updated config. Currently the function Base() isn't very clear as to what it should accomplish. We should consider renaming this to something more appropriate (eg. BaseConfig, OriginalConfig, OldConfig, etc...) and likewise rename Updated() to something similar (ie UpdatedConfig).         *Acceptance*    The Base() and Updated() functions and associated GoDocs are updated to reflect the new names.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to chain the API calls when attempting to update or retrieve values in the config. Currently the ConfigTx type supports all of the add/remove/set/update functions for all values on the config. Let's consider extending sub types with their associated getters and setters so we change from calling:    c.AddAnchorPeers(...) -> c.Application().Org(orgName).AddAnchorPeer()    Use careful consideration when determining how to and which types to wrap for the intermediary subtypes. In the example above, should ConfigTx contain references to a configtx.Application type which wraps a ConfigGroup proto?         *Acceptance*    I can chain API calls for getting/setting values on a config. The examples and GoDoc should be updated accordingly.
As a consumer of the fabric API, I would like to reference orderer related types in a separate namespace from configtx. Currently a consumer would pass a configtx.Orderer type which has configtx.BatchSize, configtx.Kafka, etc properties. The subproperty types should be moved to a separate orderer package within the configtx library such that they can be referenced as orderer.Kafka, orderer.BatchSize, etc. Consider if it would look better to also create new types for orderer.Policies of type map[string]Policy (this may not be cleanly possible since we use shared functions for all types of policies). Note this story is only for namespacing the types, no functions should be moved unless deemed necessary/more appropriate to live in the orderer subpackage.         *Acceptance*    I can find a new orderer folder/package within the configtx package that contains the orderer related types for Kafka, EtcdRaft, BatchSize, ConsensusState. The new Orderer package should be well documented/have a well formed GoDoc.
As a consumer of the fabric API, I would like to reference msp related types in a separate namespace from configtx. Currently a consumer would pass a configtx.MSP type which has configtx.CryptoConfig, configtx.NodeOUs, etc properties. The subproperty types should be moved to a separate membership package within the configtx library such that they can be referenced as membership.CryptoConfig, membership.NodeOUs, etc. Note this story is only for namespacing the types, no functions should be moved unless deemed necessary/more appropriate to live in the membership subpackage.         *Acceptance*    I can find a new membership folder/package within the configtx package that contains the msp related types for SigningIdentityInfo, OUIdentifier, CryptoConfig, NodeOUs,. The new Orderer package should be well documented/have a well formed GoDoc.
As a consumer of the fabric config API, I would like to remove values from a config and expect no error to occur if the value attempting to be removed does not exist. If a value being removed doesn't already exist then it should be expected that the resulting updated config doesn't contain the value being removed inherently so there is no need to error in these cases. Consider removing the returned error entirely if it makes sense.         *Acceptance*    Calling a removal function with a value that does not exist does not return any error. The GoDoc should clearly explain this behavior.
As a member of the hyperledger community, I would like to see a demo/sample configtx CLI that utilizes the configtx package so that I have a better idea of how to consume the library. This CLI may end up being a community tool as well that replaces configtxgen for general config transaction generation.         *Acceptance*    **A simple CLI exists for the configtx library that has commands and flags for generating system channel genesis blocks, application create channel transactions, and config updates supporting all updatable config properties via flags or subcommands.    Example:  {code:java}  configtx update addAnchorPeer --config ./current_config.pb --org Org1 --anchorPeer newhost:123 --output ./config_update.pb{code}  The above command (or something similar to it) should produce a config update transaction adding anchor peer newhost:123 to Org1.    The CLI should be well documented for use cases in the help/manual.
