As an org with channel Reader permission, I should be able to invoke chaincode that queries channel ledger data.    Currently you must have channel Writer permission to invoke a chaincode that only queries (reads) channel ledger data.  This does not make sense and has caused problems for many users.    We should either check access control based on the actual chaincode operations performed (e.g. Puts vs Gets), or we should make this explicit and introduce a read-only Invoke that can only do Gets (no Puts) that channel Readers can call.
As a an operator, I would like to use the operations service to get an orderer's/peer's version. For one thing, this will help operator know when a sufficient number of orderers/peers have been upgraded such that a channel can be upgraded to the latest capability. For example, an operator may display an 'upgrade channel capability' button on a channel when a sufficient number of peers/orderers have been upgraded.
As a hyperledger fabric beginner and golang developer, samples should be written in an expression appropriate to the language's characteristics.
As a consumer of the statebased package, I want to avoid dependencies on fabric/comm, fabric/protoutil, pkg/errors, and their transitive dependencies.    {go list -f '{{ join .Deps \n }}' ./core/chaincode/shim/ext/statebased} show the following fabric packages are dependencies of the statebased package. Most of these are transitive deps that are pulled in by references to {{common/cauthdsl}}.    The {{protoutil}} import drags in deps on {{internal/pkg/identity}}.    {code}  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/factory  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/idemix  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/idemix/bridge  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/idemix/handlers  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/signer  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/sw  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/utils  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/cauthdsl  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/flogging  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/flogging/fabenc  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/policies  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/idemix  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/internal/pkg/identity  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/msp  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protos/common  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protos/msp  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protos/peer  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protos/token  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protoutil  {code}    Acceptance: The only fabric imports are the protos.
As a consumer of the entities package, I want to avoid dependencies fabric packages and   their transitive dependencies.        *go list -f '{{join .Deps \n}}' ./core/chaincode/shim/ext/entities/... | sort -u* drags in    {code}  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/factory  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/sw  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/bccsp/utils  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/flogging  github.com/hyperledger/fabric/common/flogging/fabenc  {code}
As a hyperledger fabric user, I have a suggection for chaincode marbles02_private in fabric-samples .         In the front of source,     !image-2019-08-20-16-12-16-036.png!    When I started the tutorial using that chaincode command,    but i recieved error massesge below.      (environmet : host O/S- windows7, virtual O/S - ubuntu, I think that some users will have same errors)         <json parsing error>    !image-2019-08-20-16-18-39-179.png!    So, I suggest that add one more comment.    // When parsing error invalid character '\n', adds tr -d \\n    // ex) export MARBLE=$(echo -n \{\name\:\marble1\,\color\:\blue\,\size\:35,\owner\:\tom\,\price\:99} | base64 | tr -d \\n)               !image-2019-08-20-16-25-27-076.png!         Change export expression, it works!    !image-2019-08-20-16-27-50-488.png!
As a hyperledger fabric user, I have a suggection for chaincode marbles02_private in fabric-samples .         In the front of source,     !image-2019-08-21-09-53-44-824.png!    When I started the tutorial using that chaincode command,    but i recieved error massesge below.      (environmet : host O/S- windows7, virtual O/S - ubuntu, I think that some users will have same errors)         <json parsing error>    !image-2019-08-21-09-53-18-785.png!    So, I suggest that add tr -d \\n at the back of export sentences.    !image-2019-09-02-14-19-23-179.png!         Change export expression, it works!    !image-2019-08-21-09-52-46-211.png!
As a *temporary* workaround during the transition to modules, honor go.mod files that are part of a chaincode package. This is likely to do more harm than good so it needs to be short lived.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose library to generate a channel creation transaction from input data structures. This library should not make assumptions about how any key material is stored and should not require network access.    Acceptance:    Calling a function similar to what we have below returns a proto-encoded genesis block that roughly matches that produced by {{configtxgen -channelID channel-id -profile profile-name ...}} using a prototypical {{configtx.yaml}} from our integration test suite.    Generating a genesis block from the configtx.yaml and an msp folder, and using code implemented in this story, I should get two `proto.Equal` blocks.    {code}  type Profile struct {   Consortium   string   Application  *Application   Orderer      *Orderer   Consortiums  map[string]*Consortium   Capabilities map[string]bool   Policies     map[string]*Policy  }    ...    type Option func(options)    // Options for extensibility  type options struct {}    func CreateChannelTx(channelSpec ChannelConfig, options ...Option) (*cb.Block, error) {    // Implement me  }  {code}    The types that are listed above come from the {{genesisconfig}} package in fabric and appear to be managed through a combination of viper and yaml processing. We do not want to use these packages directly; we want to copy and adapt the necessary structures into our package.
As a fabric admin, I wish to sign a {{ChannelUpdate}} transaction and generate a detached signature. The key material used to sign the transaction should be one of the input parameters and should not be derived from configuration.    Acceptance:    Calling the new function with appropriate arguments generates a detached signature that I can use later as one of the _n_ required signatures when assembling the configuration update transaction.
