As an application developer, I want to provide friendly name to identify a chain code, so I can more easily manage and debug chain code.
As a fabric application developer, I want the ability to deploy user chaincode in pre-built form so that each member organizations' peers do not need to build the UCC (nor need to have the source code on the peer).    Note: the controls on allowing organizations to examine the source code or build their own images is separate from the deployment issue. i.e., each channel and member organization can still make a decision on whether to deploy the UCC without requiring the source code to be built and available to the fabric peer itself.    Sufficient pre-built targets will need to be provided to handle the possible environments of a fabric network.
As a chaincode developer, I want use life cycle system cc to manage deployment policies for chain codes
As an application developer, I want documentation for upgrade flows
As a fabric tester or support personnel, it is difficult to understand why a transaction fails validation in the VSCC, even with DEBUG logs, so debugging issues is very time-consuming. At the point of failure, it would be much more helpful to see the following information displayed (maybe at the INFO level?):  * the policy being used to validate the identified transaction  * the names of the signers (peer name, and associated org name). At one point I saw a log with the hash signature of signer(s), but that is difficult for tester to understand and trace.  * the names of signers/orgs that are lacking    For example, if the policy is AND('OrgRedMSP.member','OrgBlueMSP.member') then a TX must be signed/endorsed by any one member of OrgRed or any one member of OrgBlue. If peer00 is in OrgRed and peer00 endorses a transaction, and there are no other signatures, then the log could state something to the effect of the first part being satisfied (peer00 = OrgRedMSP.member) however the validation failed due to lacking signatures from any OrgBlueMSP.member.    And I would hope the same information could also be provided to the SDK or any process that registers for event failure notification.    Existing log:    peer2        | 2017-03-02 21:50:57.835 UTC [txvalidator] VSCCValidateTx -> ERRO 001 VSCC check failed for transaction txid=de8c2db2f9bce9be2ab2864339a08862ab9de8280c2c0b919930eb22fbaecf94, error VSCC error: policy evaluation failed, err Failed to authenticate policy  peer2        | 2017-03-02 21:50:57.839 UTC [txvalidator] Validate -> ERRO 002 VSCCValidateTx for transaction txId = de8c2db2f9bce9be2ab2864339a08862ab9de8280c2c0b919930eb22fbaecf94 returned error VSCC error: policy evaluation failed, err Failed to authenticate policy
As a user of Fabric, I should be able to d/l platform specific binaries for all tools including configtxgen fabric-chaintool, and fabric-ca (client) and any others that we currently require users to build from source.
As application developer, I want an easy way to deploy and test my app by only having a single orderer process.    This refers to the 'Solo' ordering process.  This will be a simple to deploy, minimal code ordering process.  Because there is only one process, no 'consensus' need be reached between multiple processes, so this is largely as simple as having multiple clients write into a buffered channel, with a single thread reading it, and creating batches/blocks.    The deliver side is only slightly more complicated, as to allow for disconnection and reconnection, the orderer service must allow history to be discovered.  This requires implementing a simple in RAM ledger, and allowing individual clients to seek within it.
as an operator, I should have a cli that I can easily install that lets me interact with the various components of the fabric    The current peer commands are entangled with the validating peer capability, which means that building and installing a peer for Mac and Windows is complicated by the need to have RocksDB etc installed.    We can extract the peer commands into a separate component that is not dependent on the internals of the peer node, that can be simply installed as a platform-specific binary.
As a new visitor, I should be able to quickly get started and should be able to find what I need.
As an end user I should be able to see all the default configurations for the corresponding components in one place. And it should be easy for me to find those files, including from doc page and BYFN instructions. And the set of yaml files should contain ALL the default values, and be put in a directory location named config_defaults or something like that.    It is not clear if the fabric/sampleconfig /*.yaml files are the default values, and they do not set default values for all the possible configuration variables. Apparently, someone needs to refer the source code to gain a complete understanding of all the default settings.   * *peer/gossip/ledger/endorser* etc., related configurations needs to be captured in _*core.yaml*_   * *Orderer/Kafka* related default configurations in orderer.yaml (or what ever is the right file)   * *configtx.yaml* _*-* channel config related configurations_
