As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to update an application org's and an application group's configuration by adding or removing policies.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call this function to modify a config transaction and then process further configuration updates on the modified config transaction. The examples test should be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to update an orderer org's and orderer group's configuration by adding or removing policies.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call this function to modify a config transaction and then process further configuration updates on the modified config transaction. The examples test should be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to update a consortium org's, consortiums group's, and consortium group's configuration by adding or removing policies.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call this function to modify a config transaction and then process further configuration updates on the modified config transaction. The examples test should be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose function that adds an orderer org definition to a channel configuration. The result of this function should be a channel transaction that can be passed to other functions that can further mutate the config.    *Acceptance*    Calling the new function with appropriate arguments should generate a config transaction that contains a new orderer org. The examples test should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose function that adds an application org definition to a channel configuration. The result of this function should be a channel transaction that can be passed to other functions that can further mutate the config.    *Acceptance*    Calling the new function with appropriate arguments should generate a config transaction that contains a new application org. The examples test should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this feature.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing msp configuration for an organization without manually parsing the config transaction so I can reuse CA certs or other relevant information.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving msp configuration for a specific org. The example test should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this helper.
As a fabric administrator, I want to verify that a cert was issued by my organization's MSP before adding it to the MSP's revocation list.    Acceptance:   Provided with a config block/transaction, I can call a function to revoke a certificate issued by an MSP. This should result in a configuration update that appropriately modifies the {{revocation_list}} attribute of {{FabricMSPConfig}}.    Providing a certificate that has not been issued by the MSP should result in an error.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose library that can modify an existing channel configuration to add an orderer endpoint to an orderer org's config group.    Acceptance:   Starting with an existing Config block/transaction, I can call a function that adds an orderer endpoint to the configuration. After performing that operation, I can compute a ConfigUpdate transaction that is ready for a signature workflow. An appropriate example should also be added to the example test that demonstrates this behavior.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose library that can modify an existing channel configuration to remove an orderer endpoint from an orderer org's config group.    Acceptance:   Starting with an existing Config block/transaction, I can call a function that removes an orderer endpoint from the configuration. After performing that operation, I can compute a ConfigUpdate transaction that is ready for a signature workflow. An appropriate example should also be added to the example test that demonstrates this behavior.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing policies for an organization without manually parsing the config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving policies for a specific org (regardless of application/orderer/consortium org). The example test should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this helper.
