As a fabric admin, I want to take a {{ConfigUpdate}} transaction and a collection of detached signatures and use them to create a complete, signed channel config update transaction that can be validated by the orderer and the peers.    Acceptance:    The generated configuration transaction should be equivalent to one generated by building up signatures in order using the existing `signtx` command on the peer.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose library to generate a channel update transaction that modifies the {{max_message_count}} batch size parameter. The channel update transaction that is generated should not be signed.    Acceptance    Calling the new function with appropriate arguments should generate a config update transaction that matches one produced by manually transforming and generating a configuration update using the existing tools (ignoring any signature that may be applied by the existing tools).
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit-for-purpose library function to generate a ConfigGroup representing an Organization. The input to the function should not depend on existing MSP material but should accept directly the necessary cryptographic material.    Acceptance    Calling the new function with appropriate arguments should generate a proto structure that is semantically equivalent to one generated by {{cryptogen}} and {{configtxgen -printOrg}}.
As a fabric administrator, I want to use a fit for purpose library to generate a configuration update that revokes a certificate issued by my organization's MSP.    Acceptance:   Provided with a config block/transaction, I can call a function to revoke a certificate issued by an MSP. This should result in a configuration update that appropriately modifies the {{revocation_list}} attribute of {{FabricMSPConfig}}.
As an administrator, I want to use a fit for purpose library to add a new root CA certificate to an MSP configuration.    Acceptance:  Starting with a configuration transaction/block, I can call a function that adds CA certificate to the MSP configuration. After this operation, I should be able to create a config update transaction that is ready for the signature workflow.    Minimal certificate validation should be done when processing the function. In particular, reject certificates that is missing the KeyUsageCertSign/CA attributes.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like an example in the library documentation that shows me idiomatic usage of the package to create configuration updates and sign them. The updates should involve multiple changes to instruct on how state is managed.         *Acceptance*    I can find an example for updating channel transactions in the GoDoc for the package. It should also sign the config update envelope.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like an example in the library documentation that shows me idiomatic usage of the package to create new channel create transactions and sign them.         *Acceptance*    I can find an example for creating create channel transactions in the GoDoc for the package.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing anchor peers without manually parsing the config transaction.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving anchor peers for a specific org. The example test should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this helper.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing orderer configuration without manually parsing the config transaction so I can persist values I don't want to change when updating orderer configuration         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving orderer configuration that returns a config.Orderer. I can then modify fields on the Orderer configuration and pass it to config.UpdateOrdererConfiguration to update the orderer's configuration. The example tests should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this helper.
As a user of the Fabric channel configuration API, I would like to be able to retrieve existing application, orderer, or consortium org configuration without manually parsing the config transaction so I can persist values I don't want to change when updating an org's configuration.         *Acceptance*    I should be able to call a function for retrieving an application, orderer, or consortium org's configuration that returns a config.Organization. I can then modify fields on the Organization and pass it to an appropriate update organization function to update the org's configuration. The example tests should also be updated to demonstrate usage of this helper.
