As a good way to wrap up the Epic I gave a presentation to the DESC Blending Working Group on my work testing HSC with injected images using the current deblender vs scarlet. Most of this work was generating plots that were required for us to evaluate scarlet internally in DM, it just so happened that the BWG meeting occurred before presenting it to the DRP group.
As a pilot for incorporating static type checking to SQuaRE's products, let's add type checking to Documenteer as part of its 0.6 overhaul.    This ticket is to add mypy type checking to Documenteer through the pytest-mypy plugin. The goal is to have tests pass with a minimum of work. Future tickets can incidentally add explicit typing to Documenteer's APIs.
As a step towards consolidation of Kubernetes clusters to address a security finding, mgirate ghslacker from the api.lsst.codes cluster to Roundtable and use this to investigate how best to migrate remaining services.
As a result of the new error estimation, it became apparent that a larger number of sample galaxies were required in DM-1135.  This is an expansion of that test to a larger number of galaxies.  Since the original  great3 tests had about 2 million galaxies, we should be able to do these test reasonably well with the 6 million galaxy pool created in DM-1135.  However, the measurements need to be rerun in some cases, and the error analysis done again.
As a follow-on to discussions at the Feb 2016 JTM, document the policy question(s):    Should LSST grant data rights based on eduPersonAffiliation values set by university identity providers (via InCommon/eduGAIN)?    Explain the eduPersonAffiliation values and controls around those values.    Deliver this document to Beth & Don and other stakeholders.
As a perturbation on the baseline HTCondor Classads Scenario, run a case where an HTCondor job fails due to application error, returning a nonzero exit code.   Investigate the mechanism by which the job would be automatically resubmiitted, possibly through use of holding/releasing a job, or DAGMan, rescue DAGs, etc.
As an interim solution to allow multiple developers the ability to maintain the production jenkins/squash deployments (possibly expanding to other deployments in the future), a simple instance should be created to host the currently active production {{sandbox-jenkins-demo}} deployment.  Due to a tight timebox, primitive access is to provided by injecting ssh keys from all active sqre developers injected into this instance.    In order to isolate this control instance from existing deployments, it shall be isolated into a new production control VPC.  In the future, it may make sense to add routes between various VPCs (note: private DNS would need to be setup), to add a VPN concatanator, and/or host auth/CA services within this VPC.  This implies that consideration should be given to the VPC prefix and subnet addressing.    Any state associated with the deployment of the deployment control should be hosted such that is accessible to all sqre devs and in a redundant manner. Eg., on {{s3}}
As an I&T person, I want to be able to git-clone lsstsw_home, run a bootstrap script, and have everything ready to run stack builds/publishings on my machine.  This script should: * Download and set up Python (Anaconda) * Download and build git, git manpages * Download and build EUPS * symlink manifest.remap from etc to stack/site * git-clone lsst_build tools * git-clone versiondb
As an exercise, run the single frame processing code (as-in from pipe_drivers) with the HSC COSMOS dataset on the Verification Cluster.  If appropriate, develop scripts to facilitate the process.
