As an Ops team member I want to script installs of Compass across many machines so I can deploy Compass on laptops of new employees (install widely across my organization).    *Product Acceptance Criteria*  - A working MSI installer (for the same platforms that we have .exe's for)  - MSI installer is signed by MongoDB as the publisher  - MSI installer should allow user to choose installation directory for Compass  - MSI installer should allow user to choose an installation directory for preferences and favorites  - Must support a quiet installation and output the log to a specified location.
As a Compass user I want to install Compass in a certain directory so that I abide by my organisation's security policy.
As a user I want to opt-in to the use of 3rd party plugins so that I am awareness (and consenting) when I install a 3rd party plugin from other vendors and so I can be sure that the default Compass plugins are secure and provided by MongoDB.
As a user I want to be informed about what plugins are trying to do and either authorize or deny those actions, in order to control the security of my Compass instance.    h5. Acceptance Criteria    User is prompted to authorize a plugin to:  - Access the database  - Access the network via any protocol  - Access the filesystem (read-only)  - Access connection details  If the user clicks no, then the plugin will not be loaded.  If the user clicks yes, then the plugin will be allowed to access those items in the list.
As a user, I want Compass to log 3rd party plugin plugin actions that may be a risk to security, in order to audit what plugins are doing and potentially disable them.
As a developer I want to understand what each pipeline operator does so I don’t have to google for an explanation.
As a user I want to refresh my documents list from the keyboard so that I can:    - Stick to a workflow I am familiar with  - Be more agile at the keyboard  - Not have to use my mouse
As a user I want to execute a query without leaving my keyboard so I can be more agile and not have to use the mouse.
As a user I want to quickly and easily see all the Compass windows I have open so I can switch to the other collection I am working on.
As a brand new user I would like to get started with an Atlas instance as quickly as possible.
