As a developer, so that I can create and share internally created YUM packages, I need to be able to create a YUM hosted repository via Nexus.
As a systems developer, so that I can minimize downtime, I want to be able to access remote yum packages if the remote yum repository goes down    Acceptance Criteria:    * Access to metadata in SQLLite database format should be blocked   * If proxied metadata is changed, the metadata in the proxy repository will be updated when a package is requested   * Proxy repository must function if the remote repository goes down  ** The proxy will serve what cached components are currently available   * A user with sufficient privilege will be able to run the following commands:   ** yum install _<package name/s>_  ** yum update _<package name/s>_  ** yum check-update  ** yum remove _<package name/s>_  ** yum search _<keyword>_  ** yum list   * Deleting a yum component should function the same as yum remove, removing the dependencies as well
As a nexus administrator    I want to have multiple blobstores in one S3 bucket    so that I can use 1 S3 buckets for all my blobstores    *Assumptions*    At time of writing, the S3 Blobstore assumes that the bucket is exclusive to the blobstore (the content is stored at the root of the bucket).    If we provide administrators the ability to supply a prefix for all content in the S3 blobstore, this will allow them to have multiple blobstores sitting in one S3 bucket.    *Acceptance Criteria*    * The UI presents an option, empty by default, for a content prefix to use. When set, all content for the blobstore is stored under the prefix.    * Using the prefix allows multiple separate blobstores to co-exist in the same S3 bucket.
As a user, if I try to search using a keyword of the form <group>:<artifact>:<version>:<extension>:<classifier> I expect to see search results that match my search term.    This form matches the syntax supported by nxrm 2.    These search strings could be group:artifact, group:artifact:version, group:artifact:version:extension, or group:artifact:version:extension:classifier. Currently the query string used for the search field treats this as a valid search of the form <search field>:<value> which will return nothing (or it will just be an invalid query). When we think the keyword search might match this we could switch from a must term in the boolean to two should terms. One which builds a boolean search for the components of this search and one that does the normal keyword search in order to ensure that we get some results.
As a user of Maven and REST, I would like the ability to create and update a group repository via the API.
As a .NET developer, so that I can get quicker and more reliable access to remote packages, I want the ability to have NuGet repos cached locally     Acceptance Criteria:  - Implement handlers for the various read-only NuGet gallery protocol endpoints (ODATA queries, downloading, etc.).   - Implement the caching of remotely-fetched components in component storage.  - If a user requests a package we don't have by URL we should send a request to fetch the metadata from the remote proxy  - Feed counts should reflect what the upstream repo reports  -- Search results will be slightly different due to the algorithms we use versus NuGet.org  - If the remote repo goes down, a user should be able to still use the proxy repo with locally available metadata and packages  - Locally cached NuGet metadata should be visible in Nexus ElasticSearch results (regardless of whether we have the packages yet)  - Nexus Admins will be able to configure the cache duration/size for queries to remote repos so that we don't overload the remote repo  - If a user Searches on the NuGet Feed search results are capped at 40 entries  - Supported clients are Visual Studio 2013's package manager, the VS package manager powershell utility, the standalone Nuget.exe command-line client, and the Nuget Package Manager.
As a new user, I want to have a clear status indicator for staging repositories, so that I can not search google for hours trying to find answers because I'm lazy and don't read the documentation.  Can this be changed from open/closed to needs validation/validated statuses and the close button changed to Validate
