As a Flo developer, I'd like to have a new DSL parser, so I can easily  detect incorrect module/option values when supplied from the Flo UI.  Example: MyStream = mail | log tap:stream:MyStream.bar > log  If parsed separately (which Flo UI does), the current parser endpoint will barf on the second stream because it doesn’t know about the first stream (MyStream).
As a developer, I'd like to handle the non-default {{ConfigurableConversionService}} tuples in an uniform manner, so they're not reset after deserialization.
As a developer, I'd like to benchmark a stream with and without {{JMX}} enabled, so I can test in isolation, and document the differences in performance.
As a user, I'd like to refer to the documentation, so I can configure HDFS backed module registry (XD-2287) as recommended.
As a user, I'd like to have a REST-API to get all the _counters_, _gauges_, and _rich-gauges_ in a single request, so I don't have to issue multiple request to fetch each one of the metrics by name/id for custom dashboards.  *Example:* {code} /metrics/counters/all (fetches all available counters) /metrics/gauges/all (fetches all available gauges) /metrics/rich-gauges/all (fetches all available rich-gauges) {code}
As a user, I'd like to use Boot-based {{ModuleRunner}} for use in container-managed environments, so I can run XD without _xd-containers_.  Scope: *
As a developer, I'd like to bench Rabbit on rackspace infrastructure, so I can have a sense on how it scales as we add more _xd-container_ nodes.
As a Flo developer, I'd like to add improvements to existing Flo parser endpoints, so I can streamline the error reporting strategy.
As a developer, I'd like to default to HDFS as distributed remote location for custom module registry, so I can use xd-shell or the REST-API directly to upload the custom module bits. I would also like to remove custom-modules.zip artifact from YARN distribution.
As a developer, I'd like to rerun _baseline_, _Tuple_, and _Serialized_ payloads, so I can compare the differences in performance between 0.8.1 and 0.8.2 Kafka releases.   Sinks to be included in test: In-Memory Transport > Hdfs sink Direct Binding Transport > Hdfs Sink Kafka > Hdfs Sink
