As a developer, I'd like to update Ambari installed Spring XD cluster to spin-up multiple instances of XD-Admin servers, so it is setup for HA.
As a developer, I'd like to create an annotation ({{@EnableModule}}) driven programming model for modules, so instead of explicitly defining I/O channels as beans on the module, for classes annotated with {{@EnableModule}}, the application would be responsible for creating the actual channel beans and channel adapters vs. the developer creating concrete channel instance types.  The {{@Input}} and {{@Output}} annotations will be used to indicate the input and output channels of the module.
As a developer, I'd like to complete the remaining Kryo optimization changes, so I can polish and get the guidelines documented appropriately.
As a developer, I'd like to move 1.2.x branch to EC2 infrastructure, so I can reliably run CI test suites.
As a developer, I'd like to brainstorm and investigate various techniques around installation of XD modules from a maven repo, so I could define the module {{artifactId}} from CLI to have the module downloaded from the repo and installed to a running Spring XD runtime.
As a developer, I'd like to move 'serialization codec' from Spring XD repo into SI, so I can update Spring XD to inherit the features/functionalities via maven dependency.
As a Spring XD on CF user, I'd like to use Receptor implementation of Admin SPI every time I deploy Spring XD modules, so I can leverage the SPI to query for module status and health metrics.  *Possible APIs:* {code}  ModuleStatus getStatus(ModuleDescriptor descriptor);  Collection<ModuleDescriptor> listModules();  Map<ModuleDescriptor.Key, ModuleStatus>  {code}
As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to have a permanent location of SPI implementations, so I could use the common repo every time I contribute or enhance the test coverage.
As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to create initial version of the new module registry abstraction, so we could leverage the foundation to make progress and test the respective SPI ({{receptor}} or {{cloudcontroller}}) implementations.
As a Spring XD user, I'd like to make SPI implementation profile aware, so I can run {{java -jar admin}} or {{cf push}} admin or {{ltc create admin}} and the corresponding implementation gets wired-in automatically.
