As a developer, I'd like to have acceptance test coverage for XD + YARN on EC2 so that I can verify simple XD features running on YARN on every build cycle.
As a user, I'd like to use RxJava based _processor_ module so that I can leverage RxJava APIs for data computations.
As a user deploying XD on YARN I need a convenient way to get info like the admin port for my current deployment.  Best way, for now, would be to add an info command to the xd-yarn script.  With the latest changes the admin server runs on a random port when we deploy to YARN. In order for the user to connect they would have to query Zookeeper. This is inconvenient.
As a user, I'd like to have an option to track history so that I get the visibility of stream name, module name etc. added as part of the message header.
As a developer, I'd like to use Ambari plugin so that I can provision, manage, and monitor Spring XD cluster using the same tool I use for Hadoop clusters.
As a user, I'd like to refer to the wiki so that I can create a job with 'partitions' that in turn expects _tableName_ and _columns_ be explicitly included in the job definition.   It is also beneficial to call-out _sql_ and _tableName_ metadata options are mutually exclusive. Following logic in _JdbcHdfsOptionsMetadata_ needs documented.  {code:java} @AssertTrue(message = Use ('tableName' AND 'columns') when using partition column) boolean isPartitionedWithTableName() {  if (StringUtils.hasText(partitionColumn)) {   return StringUtils.hasText(tableName) && !StringUtils.hasText(sql);  }  else {   return true;  } } {code}
As a user, I'd like to migrate from 1.0 to 1.1 and be able to port my custom modules so that I can operationalize existing data pipelines and also take advantage of latest XD features.
As a user, I'd like to refer to a Pig script/job sample so that I can use that as a reference to integrate Pig jobs in XD.
As a user, I'd like to build XD in Windows machine so that I can develop, test,  and contributed to OSS.
As a developer, I'd like to build _Spark Streaming_ as data processors in XD so that we can demonstrate some of the capabilities.  *Implement using:* * Java / Java Lambdas * Scala
