As a module author, I want to be able to test my code in next to real world conditions (ie Integration Testing, but not really): - I want all my module wiring to be testable - I want all my module configuration (@ConfigurationProperties) to be in effect, and I want to be able to test various combination of props - I want to be able to send data to my module and assert what is coming at the other end - I want an idiomatic way of asserting the above (eg integration with Hamcrest, etc) - I DONT want to have to send data to an actual bus (redis, rabbit, etc)
As an s-c-d developer, I'd like to investigate the distributed deployment of s-c-s modules on YARN, so I can experiment the implementation of YARN SPI and derive the strategy for {{YARNModuleDeployer}}.
As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to move {{trigger}} module from XD to s-c-s repo, so I can use it as source to build streaming pipeline.
As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to upgrade {{receptor-client}} to comply with latest {{Receptor}} API changes, so I can sync-up and take advantage of the recent improvements.
As a user I should be able to use the existing admin UI client for spring-cloud-data admin with the appropriate server configurations.
As a s-c-s developer, I'd like to create auto configuration for {{singlenode}} binder configuration/properties, so I can automatically configure the Spring application based on the dependencies.
As a s-c-d user, I'd like to have the option to support passing definition parameters into YARN container, so I can effectively use those _params_ within the module running inside the container.
As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to add support to deploy YARN App into HDFS automatically, so I can have the {{xd-admin}} orchestrate overall deployment by leveraging the manifest to deploy where and with what assets.
As an s-c-d developer, I'd like to add support to negotiate with the ResourceManager REST-APIs to deploy modules by groups. so I can build instrumentation to start the App instances automatically. Perhaps also take into account of the App specifics such as  {{appType=CLOUDDATA}} and {{appName=spring-cloud-data-yarn-app}}.
As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to make the deployer work asynchronously, so I can use the shell to return quickly and also queue deploy operations within YARN as tasks.
