As a developer, I'd like to fix the offset management with Kafka _source_ module so that I can efficiently perform fetch operation from the given offsets.
As a developer, I'd like to measure performance numbers for a simple stream so that I can characterize the overall throughput.
As a developer, I'd like to continue Lattice/Diego POC so that I can identify the scope, risks, and the overall design for a pluggable SPI in XD runtime.
As a developer, I'd like to migrate the wiki to project repo so that it can be tagged with the code and versioned etc.
As a user, I'd like to add the Hadoop _namenode_ specifics in a config file so that I don't have to incur the hassle of pointing to the _namenode_ location every time I open a new DSL session, but it is automatically configured.
As a user, I'd like to use a _jdbchdfs_ batch job as a passthrough (without chunk processing) so that I don't have to incur the batch read/write overhead.
As a developer, I'd like to decouple execution context from job launch lifecycle so that we can avoid CL and serialization errors.   This fix needs to be formally applied in Spring Batch itself. XD will upgrade to Batch release in order to inherit this functionality; hence, the current workaround with XD-2486 needs reafctored.
As a developer, I'd like to create a custom job module using Java Config so that I don't have to deal with XML configurations. While deploying/launching the following job, I get the error attached below.  {code:xml} job create --name CDK_Global --definition customBatchJob --deploy module upload --type job --name customBatchJob --file /Users/<USER>Documents/IntelliJWorkspace/CustomBatchModule/build/libs/CustomBatchModule-1.1.0.RELEASE.jar job launch --name CDK_Global {code}  *Error:* I'm getting an exception that the job doesn't exist asking if it's deployed
As a developer, I'd like to continue XD-on-Lattice/Diego PoC, and will be focused on the design of a pluggable SPI, so it is more generally applicable than Lattice, with the Receptor API being just one implementation option.
As a developer, I'd like to update all the module docs to also include _shortDescription_ so that it's available for users to learn more about the module.
