As a user, I'd like to have the option of _Basic Auth_ so that I'm challenged to provide _user name_ and _password_ when making a request.  Technical Implementation:  This functionality is provided in Spring Boot 1.1.x, it should be a matter of adding the spring boot security starter dependency to the spring-xd-dirt project.    It will be controlled using the spring boot property server.basic.enabled = true/false.  Our default in application.yml for this property should be false.
As a user, I want to be able to provide security credentials to the XD Shell so that I can interact with an xd admin server that is secured via basic auth  Technical implementation:  Add ---password and --username to the admin config command.
As a user, I'd like to have latest Spring Boot snapshot pulled as a dependency so that I can inherit and implement the OOTB security features.
As a user, I'd like to have latest Spring Boot RELEASE pulled as a dependency so that I can inherit and implement the OOTB security features.
As a user, I'd like to have a REST API to point and push an archive that includes custom module definitions and configurations so that I don't have to manually move and set it up.  *Scope of this spike:* * Assess customer requirement, brainstorm, and document options * Socialize with the team to collect feedback * Identify phases * Create new stories
As a user, I need a 'sandbox' Docker Image so that I can get started to experiment XD deployment with the following setup:  * Ubuntu OS * Full XD Jar * Java 7.x * Redis * RabbitMQ
As a user, I need a document covering our recommendations for deploying a XD cluster using Mesos with the Marathon Framework.
As a user, I'd like to evaluate Spring Boot dependency upgrades so that I can make sure there aren't any side effects or impacts to existing functionalities.
As a user, I'd like to have the option to supply data partitioning strategy so that I can parallelize ingest of data from RDBMS to HDFS.
As a user, I'd like to override the default commit-interval so that I can configure commit interval depending on data volume.  *Note:* This would apply for all OOTB jobs that has partition support. The property could be part of _servers.yml_ file.
